======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 offensive  with a  lisp.  That  makes me feel  like  a  dumpee  ,  if you got me  . '           Author's comments: I have heard, at one of my university classes, a student ask another student if the  topic could be  translated .  It is a good idea to take a look at the student's  spelling, their  grammar  and the author 's  comments on the article    .           Author's comment:   I think my comments  are good  . You may take them as an omen    for   one of  them that  you will read my thoughts about  the  post.                                            

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 offensive.

I saw a movie last week, the one starring Kevin Spacey, about a white man who was accused of sexual assault after raping a black victim. My husband and daughter-in-law, who are all black Americans, watched and cried watching that movie and wondering what this conversation could be like. We wanted to know whether we would have the same kinds of opinions as those of other Americans, but all we heard were our own conversations from a different culture.

I wonder what we would have said about our own culture if we actually did get the chance to witness the real thing. I wonder what we can learn from that experience. And I wonder if we can truly do better if we're really serious about our message. I think the answer is always that we have to listen to each other. We have to learn to appreciate our fellow Americans. And we're not going to do better if we're just so sure that we know what's best for everyone. That's the whole point of these conversations, to build bridges between different cultures and make sure we actually share the same vision.

So, that's where I'm standing right now. We've been having some really good conversations so far, but I know there are just a lot of things going on in our country that we can do better to support and encourage. And if we can keep moving forward, I really think we can do better for everyone.

I'm so excited for this week. We've already learned so much about what's at stake in this election, and it really gives the nation new hope. And I can't wait to share all that with my country and my neighbors. This week is about a whole new world, right here in America, right now, right here in the United States. And I can't wait to be here in September. I'd love to see how all of these people are so excited by everything this country is doing, so very important.

Thank you for listening.

(OVERTALK)<|endoftext|>With two days to go before the voting begins, a new poll has Democrats and Republicans on equal footing, as one side continues its efforts to push back against the other.

A new CBS News poll conducted through June 10 showed Republican voters were divided among their party's candidates for president, while 44 percent backed President Obama, while 46 percent cast their ballots for Mitt Romney. Those numbers, as well as those from a recent national NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll, show that Obama remains far ahead in the swing state of Florida.

Both the president and Romney have been focused on the Florida poll, because if the president ends up winning the state, he might have an easier time taking back the White House following this year's midterm elections, should the economy slow down following the federal shutdown.

"This is one of those states where we may have to vote early to put Romney in the Oval Office after Obama's re-election," David Wasserman of the National Republican Congressional Committee said yesterday. "This poll finds the president still favored, so we will be watching that very closely — even before the election, we certainly won't be happy with just any win for either man."

A national ABC News/Washington Post poll conducted a day before the voting found Romney winning the state with 34.5 percent of the vote, while Obama had 38.8 percent. Romney also has the advantage of momentum, with the survey showing Obama up by 5.3 points in the last four month.<|endoftext|>What's Your Story ?

What's Your Story ? has been providing professional information about various professions since 1999. While in my early 20s, I started the site when I first entered the trade. However, at the time when I started to write this answer, I did it mainly for research. I have never really intended to write an answer, so I have written it in various formats so you could follow the answer. I am hoping that when I go and edit a page down, maybe even add a new page to it, someone will like the answer and post it. That way I can continue writing the answer and hopefully get some more people to check out the answer. The biggest issue with this site is that if you want to get a better idea of what job I am doing, to see what the job will entail, then I need better information than what you can get from the page below. Please share with all those who are interested what kind of job you are working or any job you have thought about doing. If I find any useful information, please share it with all my good friends who are searching for a job. I hope this answers some questions and allows me to get back into my full time job as a lawyer.

* Required<|endoftext|>The US Senate on Wednesday rejected legislation that would have halted the government funding for President Barack Obama's executive action on immigration.

In a 51-45 vote, the US Senate on Wednesday rejected a measure that, if passed, would have been the

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 offensive-minded parents.

The story starts on this blog site called blog.com, where I write about my life, and my relationships with children. My life story is my story. I also like to talk about my relationships with people, because my kids are always in my corner. And my relationships with women, which, they usually stay in my corner, because they're my friends. Or they have been for ages now. I don't really even have a relationship with my husband, as I have a relationship with my friends and with my children. I think that's it. No, I don't even know anyone. So I talk about my relationships, but the ones I have with my own children will always be there with me. It's just the whole package and everything, so I talk on my own.

Anyway, yesterday, a friend of mine called the website.com site to tell me that the kids had been playing on a beach. So my daughter and I, and my husband, and two friends (one of whom is a friend of ours, who's married and has children) went to the beach. So, of course, I went, and there were a few kids with their friends, and I, and my husband went out as well, and we did have fun. The kids, I'm sure, knew all of us there, and so did I, and we were all happy and laughing. (We weren't the only ones there, really, there were the mom and dad kids too…we heard one of the kids calling his dad's name and he said that he didn't mind. He seemed to be playing in the sand on his hands and knees, like a big boy was playing with a girl he was a little worried about.) So as soon as we got back to our place, my husband went to another beach and just sat on the beach for a while; I sat up on the balcony and watched the sun go down. Then my daughter called my husband to ask for a spot, which was fine by me; as long as she was happy, I got to watch her. Then a kid told my husband to sit down, and he did, by chance, sit next to him and he got up and said hello, and we all clapped and we all cheered as the kid said hi; then my wife called my husband to say, my husband, get that seat back, so that it's the one I've come to enjoy, to enjoy the fact that I didn't get to see my kids, instead, I got to enjoy watching two kids, and I got to watch the sun come down. Then I got to sit on the balcony with my kids to watch the sun come down. I'm just the picture of happiness right now. In the meantime, I've been enjoying watching my children play the game of basketball, and I'm wondering what the mood was like on that game. It was nice. I mean, it was nice, because there were a few little kids there, and the kids were not all getting so excited that they were going to do a great deed: they were just sitting there, like little boys are there, and everybody was happy, and as soon as a kid called my husband's name, the kid jumped up on me and we all clapped and we all cheered. But then my husband gets up with me. At least one kid got up as well, and he got up with me as well. My husband was sitting with the little kids there with my wife, and we clapped, and we even clapped a little, because the little kids were all happy to have me and I was cheering, so there was a kind of family in that. It was all nice, and I think that, again, was a nice moment, and so I got to sit there, just the picture of happiness that I do right now.

So, it was nice to be happy that I did, in fact, get that picture. I do it all the time, sometimes. When somebody calls me, I go on. Sometimes I'll even sit there a bit and read and be amused by the story of the story I'm telling. (This is where I tell my stories, not to be laughed at.) For a lot of them, I tell a funny story, but I don't think about what's really going on, but I do the story, and even if it's not a really funny story. In the meantime, everyone else's stories are all right – the little children's stories are all right, the parents' stories are all right, the grandparents' stories are all right, and everybody's parents stories are all right, as well. And I'm so happy I do this, and all the little stories I tell with my daughters are good and I can watch my children, and I can enjoy myself having been a part of a funny story.

There's one more story that I know of: the story that my daughters told about
