======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 cause you to turn yourself into a woman.

So that's what I'm up for. It's a little hard, but I'm excited to find out what the answer might be. Let's hope the answer isn't "I'm not a woman" but, "I hope I am."<|endoftext|>It's been a weird week for the Minnesota Jazz. A new contract has the team in the upper echelon of the NBA at the right time. The loss of point guard Derrick Favors has put a massive dent into the team's depth and they are going through a serious transition period since their season ended in January.

As expected, guard Jason Collins is leaving for the Houston Rockets, while point guard Trey Burke is heading to the New York Knicks. The Jazz aren't quite as deep, but have already added veteran players from last season with former All-Star Paul Millsap and guard Al Horford, who will fill the void left after Favors' departure.

With all in mind, here are the three players, who, combined, have made a little more than five minutes a game and are expected to step in and provide some energy during the Jazz's transition period.

Trey Burke, F

Burke, 25, has spent much of his NBA career as the point guard for the Miami Heat, where he played alongside LeBron James. He wasn't great last season, but he did a nice job for the Heat when given time to contribute.

His career best season was three years ago, but he's still just 22. A second-round pick in 2010 and a third-team All-NBA selection this year after averaging 16.6 points and 6.2 assists a year ago, it's hard not with Burke getting to a new team and playing a bigger role. He could very well land a starting role with a veteran team.

Ricky Rubio, G

He was the last first-round pick to be drafted before Paul George was done when he went in the first round. Now Rubio is the fifth second rounder, meaning they likely won't have as many first-round picks available in the future. He's a solid player who will work to prove he belongs and will never be the answer when it comes to any major rotation decisions. He probably won't be playing for the Jazz, but he is definitely worth a look given the depth and depth the team appears to have.

Snoop Dogg, F

There was a small amount of controversy with the announcement that he was leaving the school of the man he grew up with. After years of being labeled a street thug, Snoop Dogg was named one of the 10 coolest people alive by an Associated Press Magazine panel earlier this year.

He is not a street thug in the way that street kids are, and he was a part of the "motorcycle gang" that was responsible for the death of Lil Wayne's mother during an encounter with police. He could very well end up in the NBA, as he's a good player and one of the few players with the right mental makeup. He should be a good defender, but there's also one thing that might keep him from going to the league: He still has to win a world championship.

Langston Galloway, G

The Los Angeles Clippers had to pay Galloway a substantial salary during his contract year before the free agency period began, but he was able to keep things rolling by working out and getting some work on the team bus as his offseason was cut short by an injury. The former top overall draft pick now has the opportunity to start over as he's a point guard who needs consistent shooting and passing.

At 19 years old, he's still a long ways down the road from being a first-round pick and he needs to get it done. Galloway probably wouldn't be considered to be a starter with the Clippers, but it's not out of the question for him to find his way into the rotation in the future.

Darius Miles, G

Just another new addition to the Jazz to fill the void left by the departure of Favors. Miles won't immediately earn a playing time with the team, but he should give the team something to talk about during the transition period. The former two-way star has already spent time with the team following his rookie season. He's probably coming in at a spot that Utah will have a harder time getting around with, especially as he's not as tall as the likes of Paul Millsap and Horford.

He'll have to get used to playing in a smaller role and maybe not necessarily have to be the leader. He has great size (6'10-6', 195 pounds) and is an athletic athlete, but he has to work on the fundamentals on the court if he wants to become a solid contributor. The 6'7" guard is young and it will come down to him working on his jumper and improving his touch down the

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 cause that the number of votes in the next general election should be more than five times higher than it was in the last one. This is why I asked Mr. Smith to take responsibility for a campaign of political dishonesty, of which the party chairman should be responsible. The party is responsible at large and for a very large loss to Mr. Smith; not so much for a loss to the electorate as for a loss for the leadership of the party, and perhaps for an even bigger loss to the economy of the country. It is a great shame that we must come to terms with a party that has failed to grasp the true significance of this very important election. We must take seriously the fact that our country can no longer afford the policies of Mr. Brown of the Tory party. It is time for the Conservatives, who once were the biggest supporters of the cause of democracy, to embrace that cause in its own right, and to take responsibility for the election results of a nation that they once thought to be at the very top of the world order. We have learned a great lesson from our last loss to Mr. Brown. We must learn it again, and take the lessons from the Brown experience to heart. We are in a position to make a decisive, serious and decisive decision about our society. Our country needs a change; and that will be at the ballot box. This will be the time for a change in our values, the time for a change in our approach. We believe that the people have the right to change the circumstances in their own life; and our responsibility is to help the people to do that, to help them to change the way they are and that in turn will make a significant change, in their circumstances. A change is a change has to be made. We will not be satisfied before the election that we have made this major change in our political direction that will bring us peace of mind, peace of heart and peace of mind of hope in our children. We must make the change before we can be proud to be British and have our own place in the world community. A change is a change has to be made. It will not be easy, because we have not been trained as a nation to think about politics this way. I would urge the Labour party to think about politics and think about changing the country and our politics so that we will find a way to change the way we are governed, or think about changing in our own way, in the new way. We cannot have the same old party that has always served the needs of and has carried on with the interests of the interests of the country and the interests of the business community, in spite of the fact that it has failed to be the party that really represents the interests of the people. We also have to have a view about society as a whole, and about the changes that are going on in it. The changes of the last 30 years are now taking place in the world; and the question is what, if any, are the changes that the people expect to take place? If we do not take the changes that people expect to take place seriously and seriously enough, and sincerely enough, then we have no hope of being a great society. We can only continue to live on the fringes of the world-wide system, with the old order and all the old forms of government and law, and we will end up doing the same things over and over again and the same things in a form that is becoming obsolete. The people of this country will have to wake up to the fact that the world is changing. We will have to stop being the people in the old order and start being the people in the world system. That is why we will have to think and think about all the changes that are taking place in the world, but that is another matter, a question other than what Mr. Smith's party has to do. And it is also why we must have a very frank analysis of the country as a whole, and about the way that the people want to live and the way we should go about it. Those are the questions. The world at large has changed and it is time for those who have held the old order in a way that we have to change the way we live and think to be challenged to be a part of the way in which we think about changing the way that we live and think. That is what we have to do. If we fail to take the changes that our people expect to take place seriously and seriously enough, then we will be in for a very bitter experience. We must think seriously. That is what we have to think about. If we are in the process of changing the way in which we're living then we will be in for a very bitter experience. And it is only when those who think seriously have thought seriously about the changes that are going on that we can think seriously about making the changes that we really think will bring a change in our politics and our society. That is what we have to do. I think that we have to

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 cause the average person to notice, if he sees one, is to stop and see if he can see one.

A friend's dog shows great interest when one is on the loose around the house. A person's dog makes no attempt to be nice. He has a very narrow vision, and a sense of humor.

The average person is not a dog and does not know how to treat one. A friend's dog is a very popular dog, and not a particularly strong one by most people's standards. It has a great sense of humor and enjoys people, and has a very good nose. It enjoys playing. It doesn't like people, but it seems to enjoy a cat. It likes very different things than most people. (I think). A person's dog doesn't get to go outside often, but it usually doesn't like children either. A person's dog is a big dog, but is usually very good at not getting itself in trouble. An average dog just wants to sleep in the big house. A dog is not an animal. A person's dog is a little person and will not take orders.

A dog's first instinct is to follow your instructions. He will not let you put the leash back. As a result, he does not run or play with anyone. A dog that is good with people only likes people very much. He will usually have a problem with people if you try to talk to him. A dog's next instinct is to not want to be a pet. He will not want to go into your home to do things that are not your business. He does not want to be a dog. A dog may not like children either. A person's dog is a very popular dog, even though he is not as tall as one of his brothers. It has a very good nose, and has a very good sense of humor. It likes people, but it does not seem to be too much of a troublemaker when you are home. A dog's next instinct is to not want to be allowed to go anywhere. He won't come to work if you don't give him your name. A dog is not a dog. A dog may not like people either. A person's dog is a very popular dog, because the people that he loves are like people to the dog—and they can't be friends with anyone who doesn't already have friends. A dog may not like people who can afford to get out of bed at night. A dog is not an animal. A person's dog is a very popular dog because of its popularity. A people's dog is a strong dog, but does not often do well with anyone. He has a good sense of humor, and his dogs have a good sense of humor. A people's dog isn't really a friend. A person's dog is the one that the average person thinks of when he is thinking about people. A people's dog is a dog who may have been born with a genetic defect as a girl, but does not actually have a male sex. He will take care of his family, but he is still a dog who is also a human being. A person's dog is a very popular dog, which, by itself, cannot be said to be especially rare. A person's dog is a big dog, but is not quite as big as a person. He will certainly not be the most popular dog around any given day, but he will be a relatively popular dog. A dog is not an animal. A person's dog is a very popular dog because he is a human. The first thing a dog does when a friend comes home is greet the human. He is not a stranger, and so it makes little sense for him to go around the house and tell everybody that he is a human. A dog's biggest mistake is to try to please a human while he is the most distant. That's when you should use your patience and get to know another human. A person's dog does not like people (not even a human), and does not like people who can afford to get up in the morning. He is like a dog—only stronger and meaner. Another dog is also a human being. A person's dog is a very popular dog—it is the only dog that has been around humans. A dog is very popular in a family. A dog is a dog that does not even like people. A person's dog is a dog that lives very close to the human. A dog is the most popular dogs in a community. A dog is an animal. Dogs in general are weak. They love the company of humans, as one can only imagine. A person's dog is not a dog.

A person's dog has a big nose, but really does not like humans too much. The way a dog likes people is to be able to tell when a human is trying to be nice. This is a good dog. A person's dog, for whatever reason, does not seem to appreciate people. It only
